Adding amGithubNotifier (#234)
prometheus/test-infra: tools/amGithubNotifier/README.md

# amGithubNotifier - Alertmanager GitHub Webhook Receiver

A simple bridge for receiving Alertmanager alerts and posting comments to github.

> It listens at the `/hook` endpoint on port `:8080` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default it listens at `/hook` on port `:8080`.

It uses the alert labels and annotations to set the github comment repository and PR destination.
```

Reviewer: should also note which one takes precedence when both are set(cli arg and alert labels)

## Usage

> > Note: All alerts sent to amGithubNotifier must have the `prNum` label and `description` annotation, `owner` and `repo` labels are optional.

Reviewer: why not move the note and example to be displayed with 
`amGithubNotifier --help`

> Example `alerts.rules.yml`:

Reviewer: can you put this example also in the main.go and print it with the -h flag.

Author: I think it's not possible to alter the helptext in kingpin yet, will have to add another flag for this then? https://github.com/alecthomas/kingpin/issues/119#issuecomment-207770789

I added the example in`main.go`

```yaml
groups:
- name: groupname
  rules:
  - alert: alertname
    expr: up == 0
    for: 2m
    labels:
      severity: average
      prNum: '{{ $labels.prNum }}'
      owner: prometheus
      repo: prombench
    annotations:
      description: 'description of the alert'
```

> #### Usage:

Reviewer: and than this ce be renamed to 
```suggestion
#### Usage and examples:
```
